docs(tem): add reputation score info in quickstart (#2406)
scaleway/docs-content: managed-services/transactional-email/quickstart.mdx

4. Enter the name of your MX followed by a trailing dot in the **Hostname** field.
5. Save your changes.

## How to improve your domain reputation

The **factors** used to determine your domain's reputation score **vary from one service to another**.
The only constant common denominator is that the **receiving platforms determine how your domain is used in your emails** and then **monitor how their users receive these emails**.

> Each domain has several reputations associated with different mail receivers. The reputations also depend on the volume of emails you send to specific receivers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each domain has several reputations associated with different mail receivers. Reputation also depends on the volume of emails you send to specific receivers.
```
